Clarify user blocking in PHP (#17486)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/add-user-info.md

{{< programming-lang lang="php" >}}

The PHP tracer provides the `\DDTrace\set_user()` function, which allows you to monitor and block authenticated requests.

> `\DDTrace\set_user()` adds the relevant user tags and metadata to the the trace and automatically performs user blocking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`\DDTrace\set_user()` adds the relevant user tags and metadata to the trace and automatically performs user blocking.
```

> The example below shows how to set user monitoring tags, and enable user blocking capability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to set user monitoring tags and enable user blocking:
```
